### Themes ###
Assigning a theme to use with [docker]{@link wcDocker} is as simple as calling a function.

```
myDocker.theme('shadow');
```
In this case, `shadow` is the name of a theme `shadow.css` found in the themes folder.



****
### Using the Layout Table Item ###
the [layout]{@link wcLayout} object makes it easy to organize the contents of your [panels]{@link wcPanel}. But, sometimes you need to make some style changes to the table cells themselves! [wcLayout.item]{@link wcLayout#item} and [wcLayout.addItem]{@link wcLayout#addItem} both return you a handy [tableItem]{@link wcLayout~tableItem} object which contains convenient methods for styling!

```
myPanel.addItem(domNode).css('text-align', 'right').css('border', '1px solid black').stretch('100%', '100%');
```

Here we are using the [tableItem.css]{@link wcLayout~tableItem_css} and [tableItem.stretch]{@link wcLayout~tableItem_stretch} functions, which can be chained!  The first provides a way to add normal style attributes to the cell while the second provides a more reliable way to set your table cell sizes.



****
### Event System ###
The event system is critical for communication between your panels.  Often times you will need this to ensure all your panels integrate properly and intuitively.

For example: One panel may be dedicated to showing the properties of an object, while another panel may be responsible for displaying and allowing the user to select an object.  If communication did not exist between the two panels, when an object is selected, the property panel would never know to show its properties.

First our property panel has to be listening for the event, in this case we have named one 'object selected' (It can be any string).

```
propertyPanel.on('object selected', function(object) {
  // Registered event handler for the 'object selected' event
  // Here, we do something to the object that was just selected.
  if (object) {
    showProperties(object);
  }
});

```
Once an object is selected in the other panel, it can trigger an event to notify any panels who care
```
otherPanel.trigger('object selected', selectedObject);
```
All events are broadcast to all panels (including itself and docker) who have registered for the named event and will receive it. See [wcDocker.on]{@link wcDocker#on} and [wcDocker.trigger]{@link wcDocker#trigger} for further details.



****
### Storing User Configurations ###
Entire layout configurations can be saved and restored using [wcDocker.save]{@link wcDocker#save} and [wcDocker.restore]{@link wcDocker#restore}.

```
var savedLayout = myDocker.save();

// Any time you wish to restore a previously saved layout.
myDocker.restore(savedLayout);
```
The saved layout data is a serialized string that can be stored in cookies, or wherever you wish for later use!

Additionally, any panel can register events if they need to save and restore any custom attributes.

```
myPanel.on(wcDocker.EVENT.SAVE_LAYOUT, function(data) {
  // Save a custom attribute into the layout configuration data
  data.someValue = somePanelValueToSave;
});

myPanel.on(wcDocker.EVENT.RESTORE_LAYOUT, function(data) {
  // When a layout is being restored, you can retrieve those custom values if they exist.
  somePanelValueToRestore = data.someValue;
});
```


****
### Batch Operations ###
Adding elements into the [layout]{@link wcLayout} is not a problem in most cases, except when you need to add them in large quantities. Every time an item is added into the layout it causes the document to re-calculate and render. To improve performance, the layout can be put into a batch mode process, where it will queue all additions and add them all in a single operation.

```
myPanel.layout().startBatch();
for (var i = 0; i < 1000; ++i) {
  myPanel.layout().addItem($('div'), 0, i);
}
myPanel.layout().finishBatch();
```


****
### Custom Panel Buttons ###
All panels can contain their own custom buttons which appear in the upper right corner of the frame (where the title bar and close button are).

To add a new button, use the [wcPanel.addButton]{@link wcPanel#addButton} function.
```
myPanel.addButton('Some ID Name', 'normalStateClass', 'B', 'Tooltip text', true, 'toggledStateClass');
```

Also, you can register an event to receive notifications whenever any custom button has been pressed.
```
myPanel.on(wcDocker.EVENT.BUTTON, function(button) {
  // In case we have multiple custom panel buttons, we can check the name of the activated button
  if (button.name === 'Some ID Name') {
    var toggled = button.isToggled;
    if (toggled) {
      // The button has been clicked, and its current state is depressed.
    } else {
      // The button has been clicked, and its current state is normal.
    }
  }
});
```


****
### Popup or Modal Panels ###
Popup windows are a part of almost any application, and with [docker]{@link wcDocker}, it is a very simple process.  In this case, any panel can become a popup by creating them and setting them to a floating (or detached) state.
```
myDocker.addPanel('popup', wcDocker.DOCK.FLOAT);
```

And if you want to block all other input until the user closes or acknowledges the panel, you can set it to a modal state instead.
```
myDocker.addPanel('popup', wcDocker.DOCK.MODAL);
```

Just be careful that all modal panels can be closed somehow, or else you will permenantly block the application.


Go back to the {@tutorial 1.0-getting-started} tutorial.  
Continue to the {@tutorial 3.0-widgets} tutorial.
