### Splitter Widget ###
The {@link wcSplitter} widget separates two elements by a moveable bar, either vertically or horizontally. It is the same one used by {@link wcDocker} to organize the layout of all docked panels.

To use it, you will need an element that will contain it. This element should be added to your layout and will mark the size and location of the splitter area.  
**Note:** The containing element must be positioned either absolutely or relatively in CSS.

```
var $container = $('<div style="position:relative;width:100%;height:100%;"></div>');
myPanel.layout().addItem($container);

var splitter = new wcSplitter($container, myPanel, wcDocker.ORIENTATION.HORIZONTAL);
splitter.initLayouts();
```

Once you have created your splitter widget, you'll want to fill each side with content.

```
// Horizontal splitters have a pane on the left and right.
var leftLayout = splitter.left();
var rightLayout = splitter.right();

// Vertical splitters have a pane on the top and bottom.
var topLayout = splitter.top();
var rightLayout = splitter.bottom();
```

Once you have the [layout]{@link wcLayout} of the pane you want, you can add items to it like you would any panel.

```
leftLayout.addItem(domNode);
```

The orientation of a splitter can also be changed at any time by using the [wcSplitter.orientation]{@link wcSplitter#orientation} function.


****
### Tab Widget ###
The {@link wcTabFrame} widget allows you to separate multiple 'pages' of content into tabbed items, much like how panels become stacked.

To use it, you will need an element that will contain it. This element should be added to your layout and will mark the size and location of the tabbed area.

```
var $container = $('<div style="width:100%;height:100%;"></div>');
myPanel.layout().addItem($container);

var tabFrame = new wcTabFrame($container, myPanel);
```

Of course, you'll want to add tabs to your tabbed frame and fill them with content...

```
var tabLayout = tabFrame.addTab('First Tab');
tabLayout.addItem(domNode);
```


****
### iFrame Widget ###
The {@link wcIFrame} widget makes it easier to include an iFrame element into your panel.
Because an iFrame's contents is cleared whenever it is moved in the DOM heirarchy
(and changing a panels docking position causes DOM movement), special care must
be taken when using them.

To use it, you will need an element that will contain it. This element should be added to your layout and will mark the size and location of the iFrame area.
**Note:** Some limitations exist with iFrames. Even if the container element is partially hidden beyond the bounds of the panel layout, the iFrame itself will not be occluded.

```
var $container = $('<div style="width:100%;height:100%;"></div>');
myPanel.layout().addItem($container);

var iFrame = new wcIFrame($container, myPanel);
```

And fill its contents...

```
iFrame.openURL('http://www.example.com');
// Or...
iFrame.openHTML('<span>Hello World!</span>');
```

Or for some even more control, you can access the window object within the frame [directly]{@link wcIFrame#window}.

```
var frameWindow = iFrame.window();
```